In the process or in the decision to choose who we are heading, not only who we are heading,
but in which segments of customers we focus, we put focus, we make an effort.
Well, you have many alternatives, you have already done the segmentation, you have already done
several segmentations depending on different variables, you have identified several customer
categories, you already understand things well and you have to make the decision.
And here we are going to give you a recommendation and that is to put absolute focus, focus on your
ideal customers, on your early adopters, which we are going to describe now.
By the way, there are people who think that early adopters are very technological people,
very tech and such, those are the early adopters for technology, but early adopters is a concept
that applies to any type of value proposition.
And what you have to do is identify your early adopters and put a lot of focus on them.
We are going to contextualize it, you have already done the segmentation, you already understand what
your customer people are and you have several alternatives in terms of who to address you and
especially in terms of who to focus on, who to support you to move on to the next phase
of understanding them better, create proposals adapted to them, create messages adapted to them.
We have several segments and here the recommendation is that you identify your early adopters and
put absolute focus on them.
The first thing, who are your early adopters?
Well, your early adopters are, within all those customer people, those with whom your
proposal fits perfectly.
Those who have a pain or a problem, imagine that you give them a solution, those who see
a brutal value in what you do.
And as a result of this, they are your ideal customers, it is very easy to sell them, they do not judge you
as buyers, that's fine, especially at the beginning, you create a proposal and if you
go to many segments, those who are not early adopters, well, they are going to look at you,
they are going to judge you, but the early adopters, those who fall in love with you, they are going to forgive you
for the things you do wrong, that you will do some things wrong.
It is easy to identify early adopters because they are the people who thank you, they are the people
who show their enthusiasm, etc.
But it is all a consequence of that, it is all a consequence that your proposal fits
perfectly with them.
Let's think, I know, you are a freelance digital marketing advisor and you can go to
all kinds of companies and you have to create your proposal and your messages, etc.
Well, the recommendation is that you identify a personal customer with whom you are going
to enter with a knife, which would be your early adopters.
Well, let's think that, for example, they are non-digital companies, sorry, that the
businessman is not a native digital, that they want to start selling online or that they are
making investments, that they have around ten employees, they have some money, etc.
And it turns out that that personal customer is the one who, as soon as he knows the proposal
of the digital marketing advisor, is that he falls in love, he has no problem paying
the fee, etc.
And what that advisor has to do is focus on them, focus on the early adopter,
because if what he does is start saying, well, I'm going to address these, these and the others
beyond, and I'm going to make a proposal that fits with everyone, well, I tell you that at the end
that proposal is not going to convince even that businessman, because it is going to be a little,
well, that is going to shoot messages that do not connect with anyone.
When you focus, it is easier to create a proposal and some messages that connect with that segment
of customers, with this personal customer, which in this case the recommendation is that
you have identified who your ideal customers are.
Let's think that you have created an app to learn English.
Learning English is good for everyone, but if what we do is identify which is the
personal customer that as soon as we impact him online, the application is downloaded,
he pays, etc.
Imagine that they are people who have a job, who are looking for a job, but who are seeing
that in the offers they ask for an English level that they do not have, for example, I do not know.
So of course, he has that pain, he has no problem paying you, he is happy that you
help him in this, to use an application to learn, etc.
Your lottery, for example, the application to buy the lottery.
If we think of people who are young, digital, used to buying on the web, who are buying
on other websites that are funny, etc.
Then they know your lottery and say, I can buy in this application, with this usability,
they fall in love with your lottery, they are fans of your lottery from the first day.
For all that, we have explained at the beginning, the recommendations that you identify your
early adopters because they are the ones who buy and because you have to rely on them
to put absolute focus, to understand them and to focus and to create a proposal that
fits with them, not with others.
And so you understand what is in their head and so you study them
and not others. Basically, it is for you to focus on your early adopters and the proposal
and the messages you direct to early adopters and not to a lot of customers.